After Yechen took Hill
To blackmail the doctor
Using his connections, I gradually infiltrated the elves
Then he brutally murdered the old man
Is what Brother Su said true?
What is this Ye Shen?
Damn it
Mr. Qin, your father fainted due to a sudden illness
What? What?
Stop standing there and lead the way
Zhang Shenying, how is my dad?
Didn't I say
Qin Tianlong and Ye Chen joined forces
They poisoned your father
Uncle Qin's illness is a bit tricky
at stake
Could this be Ye Tianlong and Ye Chen?
Jointly poisoned my father
Who dares to poison my father?
That aside.
Detoxify this poison
It's not difficult, I will use Huiyang Jiuzhai for treatment
Zhang Business
You go down this needle
Not only incurable
It will also aggravate Uncle Qin's condition
Uncle Qin is the ambassador of Jinling Kaijiang
Can you handle it?
Who are you?
Ye Chen, you are Ye Chen
That's right, with all due respect.
Doctor Zhang's medical skills are brilliant
But it's still far from me
Humph
Doctor Zhang is one of the top ten doctors in Jinling
You question him
Just based on your medical skills
I said second, no one dares to say first
Miss Qin, Brother Chen's medical skills are indeed excellent
Let him try
What do you think my dad is?
You say yes
Sister Ye Chen was invited by me
He is really good at art
You let him treat dad
Please Tianlong really has something to do with this Ye Chen
Is he the same as what Master Su said?
I know people don't believe it
So let's make a bet
Just bet that Zhang Shen can't cure it
If I win
Miss Qin, I want you to invest 1 billion
Brother Chen is pulling investment for me
That's great.